The best way to predict the future is to create it. - Peter Drucker
Your habits determine your future. - Unknown
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. - Aristotle
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Lao Tzu
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. - Jim Ryun
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. - Anonymous
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. - John Wooden
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. - Anonymous
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. - Jim Rohn
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain. - Anonymous
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life -- think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. - Swami Vivekananda
All our dreams can come true; we just need the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them. - Anonymous
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got. - Anonymous
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. - Tony Robbins
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Buddha
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. - Chinese Proverb
An unexamined life is not worth living. - Socrates
Eighty percent of success is showing up. - Woody Allen
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life. - Steve Jobs
Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is. - Vince Lombardi
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. - Stephen Covey
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. - Babe Ruth
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. - W. Clement Stone
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
